hi guys it's Hannah m'kay back with
another video and in this video I'm
actually gonna be showing my face in the
videos so I apologize in advance if this
seems a bit impersonal and before I
start I want to say a huge thank you to
all my new subscribers okay so I just
wanted to do a look into the Jacob born
sinner album CD I actually got the
regular version and not the deluxe
version because I'm never gonna lie to
you guys the cover of the deluxe version
kind of freaked me out but yeah this was
about nine pounds something I got this
in the post because one of the biggest
CD stores HMV which is me Andy has
closed down so I got this a day late
which sucks but anyway j.cole wants it
so we have at the front it's just says j
cole sophomore album featuring the hit
songs power trip and a crooked smile on
the inside you have the CD and the book
which the CD has read which is my old
dingy dark kind of horn Cilla theme and
at the back we have a picture of who I
believe to be J Cole I swear that shake
whole guys and look at this guy's like
seriously in this booklet do people who
can do this anymore
J Cole has lyrics to every freaking
track in the booklet like come on the
loominatee land of snakes have a picture
of Cole here also looking a bit dark and
you know in cohesion with the whole
theme of the album another picture of
soul so another picture of cold and
there's like two I would say this kind
of represents the whole duality theme
the good versus evil theme so we have
power trip more money trouble or lyrics
guys and lyrics to every single track we
have run away run away she knows a bit
in fruit chaining day a bets and
crooked smile letting Isles down born
sinner and have another picture of Jake
whole hair and let at the end we have
the credits and we have the thank-yous
at the back as well thank you say what
does it say thank God my family my fans
and my dream Ville team thank you to by
storm rock nation
Columbia this album was a true journey
they created the monster now I'm coming
for it all I think this is a pretty
simple like you know gone are the days
when albums used to come with posters
and stuff like that I think it's a
decent was a decent CD you know CD
little package that he gave us and I
wanted to compare it to yay oh the
sideline story guys come on we can't
forget this this is like I remember when
this first came out it was crazy getting
this this is the whole basketball theme
I said that Cole has finally stepped
away from you can see he's in the locker
room here and the CD is actually a
basketball court with a from CD
basketball net he's actually left the
locker room at this time in the booklet
this book it has new it has no the color
schemes look pretty similar you know it
cause my internship I oh he's quite
simply quite a simple girl say which is
I kind of like that actually I don't
like the lack of bazaars but yeah no
need no lyrics guy is just you know
songs and everything on the booklet and
a picture of the man himself right at
the back and him having left the locker
room and practice at the back as well
there we go and I think it's really cool
at the back of born sinner how the
tracklist is actually in Roman numerals
and just focus a few guys yeah there we
go so yeah that's it
J Cole born sinner and Cole the sideline
story the you guys who have typically
lots an album you're gonna have to tell
us what's inside of it the coach it
sounds pretty cool so yeah there we go
and support jackal guys I mean don't
just listen to people's music we need to
support the music as well cuz gone are
the days when music was all about going
to this CD store and being happy to get
the CD before it sells out on the
shelves now people just download
everything but yeah that's it
and thank you for watching so much guys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in my next video bye